Add field to form. Type may be 
  H, RO, NUM, CHK, CB, CBE, CE, FL, SFL, DIR, CDIR, FN, MFL, MDIR,  DT,  SCL,  CLR, BTN, FBTN, LBL or TXT.

H       - hidden field type. All characters are displayed as the invisible char.
RO      - field is in read-only mode.
NUM     - field is a numeric. Initial value format for this field is VALUE[!RANGE[!STEP![PREC]]], where RANGE must
          be in form MIN..MAX. `!' is a default item separator. PREC is a precision for decimals.
CHK     - checkbox field. Initial value is a case insensitive boolean constant (TRUE or FALSE).
CB      - combo-box field. Initial value is a list VAL1!VAL2!.... The separator is the same as in  NUM  field.  Value
          started with `^' threats as default for combo-box.
CBE     - editable combo-box field. Initial value same as for combo-box.
CE      - entry with completion. Initial value same as for combo-box.
FL      - file selection button.
SFL     - field for create file.
DIR     - directory selection button.
CDIR    - field for create folder.
FN      - font selection button. Initial value same as in font dialog.
MFL     - select multiple files. Value of this field is a list of files separated by item-separator.
MDIR    - select multiple folders. Value of this field is a list of folders separated by item-separator.
DT      - date field.
SCL     - scale field. Value of this field in a range 0..100.
CLR     - color selection button. Output values for this field generates in the same manner as for color dialog.
BTN     - button field. Label may be in form text in a form LABEL[!ICON[!TOOLTIP]] where `!' is an item separator.
          LABEL is a text of button label or gtk stock id. ICON is a buttons icon (stock id or file name).
          TOOLTIP is  an optional  text for popup help string. Initial value is a command which is running when
          button is clicked. A spe‐ cial sympols %N in command are replaced by value of field N. If command starts
          with @,  the  output  of  command will  be  parsed  and lines started with number and colon will be
          treats as a new field values.  A quoting style for value when sh -c is used - a single quotes around
          command and double quotes around -c argument
FBTN    - same as button field, but with full relief of a button.
LBL     - text label. If field name is empty, horizontal separator line will be shown.
TXT     - multiline text entry. This field is always occupy all of form width.

Without type field will be a simple text entry.
